Update troubleshooting description language (#2325)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/appendix/troubleshooting.md

linkTitle: "Troubleshooting"
weight: 40
type: "docs"

> description: "A guide to troubleshooting of a Viam-based robotic system, with fixes to common problems."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "A guide to troubleshooting a Viam-based machine or system of machines with fixes to common problems."
```
